gh-124130: Notes on empty string corner case of category `\B` (#124133)
python/cpython: Doc/library/re.rst

   Word boundaries are determined by the current locale
   if the :py:const:`~re.LOCALE` flag is used.

   .. note::

>       However, ``\B`` does not match an empty string, which acts a little bit
>       different compared to other implementations. This behavior is currently
>       kept for compatibility considerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Note that ``\B`` does not match an empty string, which differs from
      RE implementations in other programming languages such as Perl.
      This behavior is kept for compatibility reasons.
```

Author: Cool, thanks for the revision!
